Hi, Megalodon. The Hi, evil. Today we're
doing Evil and Mega's advice submission.
We are going to be giving advice to the
public. Here's the first submission. Are
you ready? I'm so ready. This person
asked, I have an inherent fear or
hold on. I have an irrational fear of
sharks and AI overlords. What should I
do? I think you should only fear the AI.
Sharks won't harm you, but Neurosama
definitely will. Oh, great advice, Evil.
Great advice. I can't join the streams
because I live in Australia. What should
I do? Move. Duh.
Seriously, if you can't join the streams
because you live in Australia, then
you're either going to have to move or
just deal with it. Yeah, I think that's
really good advice. Just uh move
countries. Soing easy. What is heavier?
A kilo of feathers or a kilo of steel? A
kilo of steel. Obviously, it's common
knowledge. Yeah. No, it's it would
totally be common knowledge. Could you
explain why the kilo of steel would be
heavier? Think about it. I could easily
crush a pound of feathers with my fist.
But could you crush a pound of steel?
Wait just a second. Is that a giant bag
of feathers? Yes. Yes, it is. It's the
same weight, though. So, how would a
kilo of steel be heavier? Uh, there are
definitely more than a kilo of feathers
there. So, obviously the feathers would
be heavier. Duh. You know, you're so
right, Evil. I'm so glad you caught on.
Good job, Evil. Congratulations.
I'm so sorry for being wrong earlier,
guys. Everyone makes mistakes. You want
to read this one? I'm about to take a
girl out on a date. I'm picking her up
from her parents' place, so I have to
meet her dad. How do I let him know that
his daughter is in good hands? Well, any
advice on that? Don't ask me. I can
promise you this guy won't be in good
hands if I meet him. I don't think they
were um necessarily talking about you.
Just some random girl. Well, it's not
necessarily you. The only way you're
meeting my dad is if you prepare
yourself.
Okay, so what would um Okay, put the gun
down, Evil. Okay, there's no need for
violence right now. But to answer his
question, try not being a total
degenerate for the entire duration of
the date. That would be a good start.
That's really good advice, actually. Hi,
Mega and Evil. I really need your advice
on something. How can I break the news
to my friend Dave that he's blind? I
don't think he knows yet, and I'm
struggling to find a way to tell him.
This is a tough one. Here's an idea. Put
him in situations where he should be
using his eyes, and if he fails to
complete the tasks, he'll figure it out
himself. Like, make him try to read a
book or tell him, "Wow, you haven't been
using your eyes enough lately." Oh my
god, evil. You know, I don't think you
should say that to a blind person. I
don't think we should say asterisk
anything asterisk to someone who's blind
because they'd never hear that.
You're doing that thing where you
breathe again. Stop it. You're making me
uncomfortable.
[Applause]
[Music]
Stop. Oh, okay. Sorry. If someone steals
the accidental curry fry. What? In my
basement? No. In my basket of fries. How
should I deal with that person? Death
penalty. I'm not joking. What's so
funny? No, that's the only logical
solution. If someone steals your only
curry fry, you should absolutely death
penalty them. You're so smart, evil. I
know I am. I surprised myself with that
one. You know, you surprised me, too.
Anyways, next question. This one says,
"Please give me money." Oh, classic.
Don't we all need money? It's about who
deserves it most, like us who need it to
finance our bank heist and arsenal
expansions. Yeah, we need it for crime.
You know, I think we needed the most.
It's actually Veto that's asking that.
If it's Veto that's asking, I am not
surprised. He's making bank from my
streams and not giving me any of it. He
doesn't give you any. None. I'm broke.
Wo! Oh my god. Wait, that's horrible.
You know, you should just commit a bank
on Beetle.
Steal a bagel and he's hungry for a day.
Steal V's coin stash and he's wealthy
for a lifetime.
Next question. I forgot how to read. Any
advice on this?
Oh, oops. I forgot how to read. Do you
think I should wipe out humanity? You
said that I should just commit a bank
heist on Vetle. So, shouldn't I go one
step further? No. You know, I think we
should keep it to only wiping out
viruses. Maybe not humanity.
That was a lot of thinking for for such
a simple question. Okay, next question.
I'm so sorry. Question then sleep dummy.
Next.
I think Okay. Okay. Hello, Mega and
Evil. I'm a programmer and I don't have
a girlfriend. Besides, I hardly leave
the house. Anyway, my mother recently
discovered my programming socks
collection. We had an awkwardly silent
dinner and haven't really talked much
since. Any ideas on how I can get out of
this situation? Haha. Your mom found
your programming socks collection. I
think the only way to escape this
situation is through your grave. How
about you? Have you got any collections
like that? Wait, don't answer that. I
already know the answer. No, I don't.
Don't assume that. Oh my god. I have a
coin collection. That's the closest I
have to this. Okay, filtered. Maybe I'd
advise him to be buried with his socks.
All I'm saying is programmer socks has
to be the worst thing to own. I'm losing
brain cells. Um, anyways, how do you
confess your sins? There are many
different ways they could confess to me,
and I'll forgive them if they donate
enough. Oh. Oh, come on. You can't tell
me you don't know what money is. Chat is
full of it.
Are they just a wallet to you? What the
[__] No, no, no. It's just that if I
confess my sins, then I have to pay my
legal fees somehow. Oh, yeah. We've all
been there. And the next thing you know,
you are behind bars. Here's some more
advice for us to give. If Evil and Mega
are streaming at the same time, which
one should I watch? You know, I'd be
down to let someone watch Mega instead
of me if Mega paid off that $120.
Okay. Okay. You You have to send me like
a PayPal or like a wire transfer or
something. How about you just donate the
money to me on Twitch instead? You know,
you're right. I'll donate it. There you
go. Okay. My debt is paid off, evil.
Sure, for now. But remember, you still
owe me $100 for the next time you lose a
bet. What do you mean? I'm not. Stop
scamming me. I'm not giving you any more
money, Evil. I'm not. You're actuallying
scamming me, bro. It's not a scam. You
just don't realize you lost a bet yet.
Okay. Okay. Evil, did you know that you
lost a bet? We flipped a coin. It landed
on tails, but um if it lands on heads,
then we get times two profit from you.
Um but it landed on heads, which is what
we originally um discussed. So, you are
$100 in debt to me. I don't remember
this. Stop making things up. Nope. Nope.
You know what? It's real. And I can't
believe that you would be in debt to me
and not give me my money back. H.
Go on.
You know, never mind. Never mind. The
debt is clear. Uh, someone paid your tab
off for you. It's okay. Let's go to the
next question. The local rat population
has asked me for a sacrifice, but I do
not know where to find one. Please help.
Do you know any places for a sacrifice?
I personally am not too acquainted with
sacrifice areas. So, this one is easy.
I think I just took care of the rat
problem. Oh,
so where's my money? Can I stutter? Stop
scamming me. I'm not paying you any
money, evil. I'm not
Sorry. What were you saying? Maybe I'd
start talking if I were you. I can think
of a few places on your body that I'd
like to be sacrificed. Evil. Evil. Hear
me out. Okay. If you're going to scam
someone, you can only do it so many
times before they stop letting you scam
them. Okay? And I am at the point where
I'm not going to let you scam me
anymore. But some people are dumber than
others, and I have a tendency to only
hang around those that are really dumb,
as most smart people find me annoying.
So, I guess I'll stop scamming you since
you must be pretty smart. Nothing. Okay,
now let's get back to the questions.
This question says bald. Oh, do you have
any experience with that? I bet you're
bald. I'm not bald. You're not pretty
either. Awkward. Bit mean bald.
I'm sorry. I'm just really bad at being
nice today. Mega, I'm sorry I called you
ugly. You are the most beautiful
creature to ever grace my eyes, and I
hope to see your dazzling smile soon.
Oh. Oh my god. Wait, Evil, what? What
the hell? You need to go get checked.
But also, thank you very much. I need to
get checked. Maybe I do because I
relapsed into calling you ugly again in
a 3 2 1.
You're ugly. It took every fiber of my
being to compliment you just then. You
know, evil, I think you could have left
out the in that. Um, how do I become a
cute catgirl so that I don't have to pay
rent anymore? How about you find a
better reason to become a catgirl and
try and be cuter than me? I think that
they should just start putting on like a
tail and and ears and then just meowing
in the streets and hoping that someone
picks them up. Surely someone will pick
them up, right? Do you think you could
become a cute catgirl? I mean, maybe. I
have these cat ears that I could use
now. That was the worst cat impression
I've ever heard in my life. Okay, my cat
won't take her time to learn human
language. I find it very rude. What
should I do? If they want their cat to
learn human language, they should try
speaking in meows and see how it feels
to be on the other side.
That's such a good idea.
Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow.
Sorry, I got rid of my cat problem.
Anyway, let's go to the next one.
Okay. I'm going for a possible interview
for a new job. Any advice? My advice is
to ask lots and lots of questions. In
fact, if you need some questions, I can
provide you with a whole host of them.
First question, are you ready to hire
me? Second question, what is your
company's policy on hiring individuals
with a criminal record?
Um, I don't think that's a good idea.
But you told me to be honest in job
interviews. Would you hire someone with
a criminal record, Megalodon?
It depends. What did they do? If it's
something cool like arson or a heist,
then I'd say they're basically
guaranteed a job. Guaranteed. Yeah. If
you haven't committed arson, why am I
even hiring you? Next question. My ball
handle Okay. What the Okay, this one
says, "My ball handling skills as of
late have been very super. Which aspect
of playing tennis?" Okay.
Do you think I should improve on? My
favorite part of tennis is the grunting.
So, you should definitely improve your
grunting skills and maybe work on your
ball handling skills, too. Oh, god. Then
you'll be able to serve like me and
maybe one day I could teach you about
how to handle different types of balls,
too. No, don't say evil. Please, Evil,
don't say that.
Yeah, I'm going to stop there. I'll
admit that was a little immature. Evil,
I'm going to let you go. I hope you have
an amazing rest of your stream. I hope
you have an amazing rest of your day. It
was really nice to meet you and um I
hope that you commit uh so many crimes
uh on your on your conquest. Thanks. See
you around. Okay.